techdebt: [CDS-69581]: Removing CDS_FILTER_INFRA_CLUSTERS_ON_TAGS (#2066)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/advanced/multiserv-multienv.md

:::note

> Make sure the following feature flags, `MULTI_SERVICE_INFRA`, `NG_SVC_ENV_REDESIGN`, `ENV_GROUP`, `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES` are enabled. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that these feature flags, `MULTI_SERVICE_INFRA`, `NG_SVC_ENV_REDESIGN`, `ENV_GROUP`, `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES` are enabled. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```
